Environment
CAPIM is a beekeeping company focusing on organic production.
Beekeeping is an economic activity that guarantees the protection of the environment.
CAPIM, through the organizations of beekeepers that comprise it, is capable of shielding from chemical, biological, physical or genetic contamination 270 hectares in 16 different biospheres.
Since 1982, it has worked with groups of indigenous beekeepers promoting the permaculture approach. That means coupling the human being with the environment, within a pertinent and often ancestral cultural framework.

Organizational Strengthening
It is a social company certified by Fair Trade Labeling Organizations International (FLO-International Fair Market), with ID number 2630. CERTIMEX, for both local and export sales and the Small Producers' Symbol (SPP).
 The participation of women beekeepers has the same proportion as men in decision-making. That makes CAPIM, a company that actively promotes gender equity.
 CAPIM is able to produce premium quality honey from 5 states of the Republic:
Monofloral: orange, avocado, mesquite, varaduz, altiplano (campanita), coffee.
Polifloral: Multi-seasonal

Infrastructure
CAPIM collects the best honey possible, with export standards to Europe.
Also, it has 4 storage plants in strategic locations within the Mexico. It has installed capacity to produce 700 tons of honey in 2017. Nevertheless it is able to export market abroad 1000 tons per year.
It has a portfolio of international clients, within the Fair Trade network.
He has extensive experience in logistics, shipment, customs procedures and financing of production processes.

Mission
To strength the trade and export processes of beekeeping products, through the consolidation of small organizations of beekeepers, their families and their communities. Promoting the development of their technical-productive capacities.

Vision
To become an organization that generates production and marketing models for small organizations of beekeepers, which want to export their products in the framework of International Fair Trade

Philosophy
CAPIM treats the bees with the same dignity that treats the human being.
The communities of beekeepers are the axis and the motivation for the economic and social improvement.
We participate in Fair Trade, with autonomy, in relations based of equity and accountability.
Customers and suppliers of CAPIM are valued for their principles, ethics and responsible conduct.
CAPIM has a vocation for the Human Rights approach and conservation of the environment.

Customers
Gepa The Fair Trade Company (Germany)
Breitsamer & Ulrich GmbH & Co KG (Germany)
Ethiquable Coop (France)
Walter Lang (Germany)
Consorzio Nazionale Apicoltori CONAPI (Italy)
CTM Alto Mercado (Italy)

Contact person
Comercio Alternativo Apícola de México S.C.
Gabriela Contreras. Internal Coordinator
Adress
Gabie: necesitamos una cuenta: info@capim.com
